[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Now we're going to
do something that's useful here and
we'll work on this together.
So, let me just actually pull out
my notes here really quick.
Sorry.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay so here's
the problem that we're trying to solve.
We, well let me get to our branch
02.1,-add-assertions there and
that'll be checkout -f.
So this is the branch that
you're gonna wanna be on.
So now we have that karma config that
we just saw in the root of our project,
and we want to start actually
testing our modules.
So if we go into our controller test,
we have these worthless tests that
are just testing that they work.
And actually, if you run npm t,
then that will run current start up,
pop up the browser and
those tests pass which is great.
JavaScript works.
But we don't care about
JavaScripts working.
We care about our job script working.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna say
const Controller = require controller.
So we're gonna pull that
controller module and
we're gonna do some
assertions off of that.
Just from the get go, and
by the way I'm gonna give you some time
to work on this yourself in a little bit.
So if you wanna follow along that's fine,
but if you wanna just soak it in then
that's cool too, however you learn best.
So we're not actually, and
in this project writing the test
is a totally different course.
So we're not gonna write very many tests,
we're gonna write one test just to make
sure that it works, and we're gonna
say expect(Controller).to.exist.
And fun exercise during lunch somebody can
explain how this actually is an assertion,
JavaScript is so weird.
[LAUGH] I love it though.
So if I go ahead and run npm t, which
is short for npm test or npm run test.
Thank you npm for
making it possible for us to be lazy.
We're gonna get a reference error,
requires not defined.
So can anybody explain why maybe
we'd get an error like that?
>> Kent C Dodds: So I'll explain
really quick what's happening here.
We've configured karma to load
all files matching this glob.
The only file matching this glob
is controller.test, so this file.
And it's not doing, there's no
webpack integration here at all.
And so we have this require function that
we're calling to get the controller.
So why is the require, or
why are we getting that reference error,
what do you think?
>> Speaker 2: There's
nothing else in the file.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, yeah.
So it would basically be like popping up
a browser, copying that code and running
that, that's exactly what it's doing.
And so what we need to do is
integrate webpack with that, so
it will first resolve these dependencies
and then load it into the browser.
And in karma land that's
called a preprocessor,
and so we need a webpack
preprocessor to preprocess our files
before karma sticks them into the browser.
So I'll go ahead and close this guy and
we'll go to our package JSON.
You don't actually have to install
anything, but what what you would install
if you didn't already have it
installed is karma-webpack.
And that would be whatever the latest
version of that is which is 1.7.0.
And with that installed you can use
that plugin in your karma config
which we're going to do now.
So the first thing that karma needs
is it needs you to tell it okay,
so what are the things that we need or
what are the files that I want
to preprocess and it just so happens that
we wanna preprocess all of our test files.
So what I'm gonna do is actually I'm gonna
write a little bit of pseudo code and
then let you take it from there.
So what I need is a preprocessors
object right here.
Where the key is glob, so
this is a glob, hint it's this one.
So the key will be a glob that
matches the files that we want to run
through the preprocessor, and
the value will be an array
of the preprocessors that we
wanna have it run through.
The preprocessor's name is webpack, so
it'll be a string of all the preprocessors
that we want it to run through.
And then the next thing that we're gonna
need is a property called webpack.
And that the value will be
the webpackconfig that we want.
So essentially this thing, this object.
We somehow need to get this
object into our karma config and
assign it to the webpack object, okay.
I'll give you a hint if you need one.
Yeah, and then I think,
yeah that's pretty much it.
So go ahead and get started on that,
with that you should actually be able
to run the tests, and it should pass.
Yeah, so go ahead and ask any questions
that you have you need a little bit more
of a hint than what I've given you,
it's okay if you need more of a hint.
I was a little ambiguous with this bit.
>> Kent C Dodds: I'll
start giving the hint, and
if you don't want the hint
then you can tune me out.
But remember that this is
just a JavaScript file.
And it's using common JS for module
exports, and so you can actually require
webpack, webpack.config.babel right here.
And what that's gonna give you is
a function, this arrow function,
that accepts a single argument called env,
that's an object.
And so you can say okay require, I'm just
writing pseudo code here it almost looks
like CoffeeScript until I
start adding parentheses.
But you're gonna provide
it just an object,
if you want to you can say env is test and
that's going
to give you back this
object that it's returning.
And so this, it's gonna give you
back the config, and the value
that you get back from that is what you're
gonna assign to the webpack property.